[Filters] Fix button width changing when popover is activated (#2003)
Shopify/polaris-react: UNRELEASED.md

- Added default accessibility label from `ResourceItem` ([#2097](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/2097))
- Reverted `Page.primaryAction` forcing `primary` to be `true` ([#2137](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/2137))
- Removed `React.Children.only` from `AppProvider`and `ThemeProvider` ([#2121](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/2121))

> - Fixed visual bug where button width changed in Filters component ([#1853](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/issues/1853))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed visual bug where button width appeared to change in Filters component ([#1853](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/issues/1853))
```

Reviewer: Skipping on this change as I don’t have permissions to push to your repo.
